I just cut my beard off. It's only been growing for well over a year. I'm gonna start it over.  is happy in the meantime.,neg
Very sad about Iran.,neg
wompppp wompp,neg
You're the only one who can see this cause no one else is following me this is for you because you're pretty awesome,pos
&lt;---Sad level is 3. I was writing a massive blog tweet on Myspace and my comp shut down. Now it's all lost *lays in fetal position*,neg
...  Headed to Hospitol : Had to pull out of the Golf Tourny in 3rd place!!!!!!!!!!! I Think I Re-Ripped something !!! Yeah THAT !!,neg
BoRinG   ): whats wrong with him??     Please tell me........   :-/,neg
can't be bothered. i wish i could spend the rest of my life just sat here and going to gigs. seriously.,neg
"   Feeeling like shit right now. I really want to sleep but nooo I have 3 hours of dancing and an art assignment to finish. ",neg
"   goodbye exams HELLO ALCOHOL TONIGHT ",pos
I didn't realize it was THAT deep. Geez give a girl a warning atleast!,neg
I hate it when any athlete appears to tear an ACL on live television.,neg
i miss you guys too     i think i'm wearing skinny jeans a cute sweater and heels   not really sure   what are you doing today,neg
-- Meet your Meat http://bit.ly/15SSCI,neg
My horsie is moving on Saturday morning.,neg
No Sat off...Need to work 6 days a week ,neg
Really Dont Like Doing my Room Its So Boring  Sick Of Doing My Wardrobe Out Cant Waiit Till I Have My Walk In One  Yay,neg
"   SOX!     Floyd was great but relievers need a scolding!",neg
times by like a million,neg
uploading pictures on friendster ,pos
what type of a spaz downloads a virus? my brother that's who :\ MSN is now fucked forever    :'(,neg
&amp;&amp;Fightiin Wiit The Babes...,neg
(: !!!!!! - so i wrote something last week. and i got a call from someone in the new york office... http://tumblr.com/xcn21w6o7,pos
*enough said*,neg
"  ... Do I need to even say it?  Do I?  Well here I go anyways:  CHRIS CORNELL IN CHICAGO!  ... TONIGHT!    ",pos
... health class (what a joke!),pos
&lt;3 GO TO THE SHOW TONIGHT,pos
it really makes me sad when i look at Muslims reality now,neg
- All Time Low shall be my motivation for the rest of the week.,neg
"  and the entertainment is over someone complained properly..    experimental you say? he should experiment with a melody",neg
another year of Lakers .. That's neither magic nor fun ...,neg
baddest day eveer. ,neg
bathroom is clean..... now on to more enjoyable tasks......,pos
boom boom pow,pos
but i'm proud.,neg
congrats to helio though,neg
David must be hospitalized for five days end of July (palatine tonsils). I will probably never see Katie in concert. ,neg
friends are leaving me 'cause of this stupid love  http://bit.ly/ZoxZC,neg
go give ur mom a hug right now. http://bit.ly/azFwv,pos
Going To See Harry Sunday Happiness ,pos
Hand quilting it is then...,neg
hate u ...  leysh t9ar5 ... =((((((( ..,neg
-  I always get what I want,pos
I bend backwards  ,pos
i get off work sooooon! i miss cody booo. haven't seen him in foreverr!,pos
I hate allergies. Should I get my hair cut tomorrow? I'm taking a public poll...,pos
- I love you guys so much that it hurts. http://tumblr.com/xkh1z19us,neg
I miss Earl,neg
I miss New Jersey,neg
"  I missed the first hour of SYTYCD last night and I can't find it online!",neg
I need a U2 fix NOW!,neg
I never thought I'd become second choice...,neg
I think I may be too friendly...lol... o well...,neg
I think Manuel (my Basil plant) only has days to live   ,neg
I wanna be at home  church...I wonder wht they are doing?,neg
i wanna make my own pizza,neg
"  i want a 120gb harddrive or a 37 inch tv or a new guitar.  anyonefeeling generous?  =p   x",neg
i want a hug,neg
I want Miley to tour Australia,neg
I wanted to sleep in this morning but a mean kid through a popsicle stick at me head. I wish I could fly away like those squirrels,neg
i was too slow to get $1 Up tix,neg
"  I will send sunshine to Northern Ireland are you going swimming today ,neg
I wish I could go to T4 On The Beach :'(    Would be great to see  &amp;    ,neg
"  i would be so much happier if the walls of my bedroom were painted white",neg
idk wat 2 do who can i trust me im sorry 4 all da pain i have caused nebody ima take dis time out 2 straighten myself out i luv yall,neg
I'm finding the intercept slope..and banging my head against the wall..Math brain heads come save me,neg
I'm really going to bed now...,pos
im sick  'cough cough',neg
in cab headed to the airport!  going home.... &lt;christy&gt;,neg
In case I feel emo in camp (feeling a wee bit of it alr)...am bringing in the Human Rights Watch World Report 2009..hope it'll work,neg
Jin has a twitter.,pos
jonas day is almost over... ,neg
Jus Got Hom Fr. TDa Funeral... I'm So Sad! I Cried So Much Times! Much Love Grandpa!&lt;3 I Never Got To Say My Last &quot;Goodbye&quot; to Him.,neg
just gonna smile...cuz it is what it is..and im not sure what more they could want..,pos
"  Just got home and I got to see my friend Zahra whom I haven't seen since We graduated!!!  That makes me so happy.",pos
- Longest night ever.. ugh! http://tumblr.com/xwp1yxhi6,neg
mi momacita won't let me go to my bf's bball game!!! grrr!!!,neg
Mom says I have to get a new phone IMMEDIATELY....off to T-Mobile.  she paying....,neg
My new car was stolen....by my mother who wanted to go pose at church.,neg
"  no hang out with the girls 2day. 2moro hope so......",neg
no movie times for sunday!  Rats will have to plan tomorrow. I guess this means I have to work on those two  presentations I am doing!,neg
semester is almost over! woo!,pos
Can't wait to grad and start making some real cash.,pos
definitely, since we haven't gone since the end of project 1. it can be a celebration for finally being done with compilers!,pos
nothing wat about u?,pos
huh. sounds really boring. let me know if it gets interesting.,neg
so ur talking to urself? very weird.,neg
Hey what's up?,pos
me just testing the friendship analysis thing from big data.,pos
ya pretty boring. i have to simulate a couple of relationships to have an easy control group for testing. its kind of weird.,pos
and tedious. gonna stop.,neg
Don't tweet me.,neg
No! Stop tweeting me!,neg
uhg this is why i dont want you to tweet me. i hate you so much,neg
jerk,neg
whatever. I'll tweet you if i want.,neg
ha wat r u gonna do about it? loser,neg
psh get over it.,neg
Ya! super excited!,pos
hell ya. we should totally have a "destress" meeting at the bar this weekend with jake and max. should be fun.,pos
finally! this semester has been so busy! glad its almost over.,pos
i get off work sooooon! i miss cody booo. haven't seen him in foreverr!,pos
probably guna get off soon since no one is talkin no more,neg
where is my picture i feel naked,neg
Oh well, we shall have to meet another time then! Have fun this weekend.,pos
Its kinda cold today.. ,neg
Is being hyper and fighting,pos
Is being ignored.,neg
Is bleeding out of control and is very emotional!!,neg 
is boiling rice while waiting 4 ruth & sean 2 bring naan and butter chicken home.... nom nom nom- followed by twix cheesecake,pos
is bone tired!!! but still have to study,neg
Goodnight Twitter. Hope you all enjoy the new jam. Thanks for listening.,pos
Goodnight, Twitterverse.,pos
Goodnight. Idk why but I'm not looking forward to tomorrow,neg
Goodnight. Up early... Work 8-7 ,neg
got a clue,pos
Got a coffee eaten a donut prepping for my appraisal it's a good day so far,pos
got a cold      + revising,neg
Got a cold shower,neg
Got a cold. Sore nose not nice... ,neg
Got a couple 'you look shiny' comments today,pos
got a cup of tea and just got up!,pos
got a day off today,pos
